---
layout: post
title: No, I don't know what I'm doing
---

My husband often teases me by asking, "Do you even know what you're doing?" When it comes to this blog site, no, I have no clue what I'm doing :weary: I was able to revise my About page (easy) and then managed to figure out how to have emoji properly render (medium difficulty). Getting my own domain name to point to this GitHub Pages site was the most challenging (HARD!)

I was going to try to get a domain name to match this blog's title, *Bit Of X*, but I already owned webdevholland.com. That domain wasn't attached to a site yet and it's consistent with both my GitHub and Twitter usernames. It seemed to make sense to use my existing domain for this blog. Then I thought I'd only have to go through the two simple steps of updating the CNAME file at this blog's repository and setting up a CNAME DNS record at my domain name registrar. Those two steps though ended up being a dizzying trip down the rabbit hole :dizzy_face: What unfortunately complicated things was my decision to discontinue the hosting service provided by my domain name registrar. The hosting service was excellent, but I didn't want to pay for something I wasn't going to need at the moment. Because I cancelled the hosting service, I was no longer able to create a CNAME DNS record at my domain name registrar and I had to find another way to handle DNS management. Anyway, after a lot of fumbling, I finally got [webdevholland.com](http://www.webdevholland.com/) to point to this blog.


